when I was a little girl I'd spend hours
just dreaming that Sunday I would go to
strange faraway places
miss amelia earhart why do you want to
fly I want to be free
[Music]
I'm going to fly around the world it
can't be done well let's change that
if you do make it you will be the first
I'm a flyer pursuing my passion for the
father
there's more to life than being a
passenger everything about you is a
menace spoken by a man who should know
well so people are quite to take in with
you how can I live if you missed this
island you're out of fuel with 2,000
miles to go I understand the danger I
can handle it
you wouldn't sell a Salesman would you
no one has been I will
did you receive transmission
[Music]
I'll make it I know I will now go tell
the world you're on your way
[Music]